Fortress Manual

1) Table of Contents
2) Generator Rune
3) Rune Pattern
4) Doors
5) Redstone
6) /fort stuck
=======
Generator Rune

The generator rune
is a 3x2x1 pattern of
blocks that can burn
glowstone to make any
adjacent structure
unbreakable.

Structure can be built
of cobble and/or any
blocks in generator's
fuel chest.
=======
Rune Pattern

I: iron block
R: redstone dust
D: diamond block
C: chest

Top layer:    RDC
Bottom layer: III

Place a sign on either
side of diamond block
to activate generator.
=======
Doors

Protected doors open
only for white listed
players (right click).

Place sign on block
above door to white
list player(s).

If door has no white
list, it looks for signs
on rune's iron base.
=======
Redstone

While powered by
redstone, generator
pauses fuel usage and
makes structures
breakable again.

Cycle power to spread
protection to newly
placed blocks.
=======
/fort stuck

If you get stuck, you
can type /fort stuck
to teleport to nearby
after a delay.