Fortress Manual

1) Table of Contents
2) Generator Rune
3) Rune Pattern
4) Redstone
5) Security
6) Doors
7) /stuck
=======
Generator Rune

The generator rune
is a 3x2x1 pattern of
blocks that can burn
glowstone to make any
adjacent structure
unbreakable.

Structure can be built
of cobble and/or any
blocks in generator's
fuel chest.
=======
Rune Pattern

R: redstone dust
G: gold block
C: chest
D: diamond block
I: iron block

Top layer:    RGC
Bottom layer: IDI

Place a sign on side of
gold block to activate.
=======
Redstone

While powered by
redstone, generator
pauses fuel usage and
makes structures
breakable again.

Cycle power to spread
protection to newly
placed blocks.
=======
Security

Right click fortress
wall with empty hand.
Bedrock wave will pass
over protected blocks.

Particle Meanings:
Heart: Inside
Fire: Outside
Smoke: Disabled
=======
Doors

Protected doors open
only for white listed
players (right click).

Place sign on block
above door to white
list player(s).

If door has no white
list signs, it looks for
signs on rune's base.
=======
/stuck

If you get stuck, you
can type /stuck to
teleport to nearby
after a delay.